How memory is managed in Python? 
ans---Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python 
      objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured 
      internally by the Python memory manager.

What is the purpose continue statement in python?
ans---Continue: The continue statement in Python is used to skip the remaining code
      inside a loop for the current iteration only.

What are negative indexes and why are they used? 
ans---Negative indexing is used in Python to manipulate sequence objects such as 
      lists, arrays, strings, etc. Negative indexing retrieves elements from the 
      end by providing negative numbers as sequence indexes.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1]--What is Python ,Name some of the features of Python.
ans---Python can be used to develop both desktop and web apps and complex 
      scientific and numerical applications. Python's data analysis features 
      help you create custom big data solutions without so much time and effort.
      You can also use the Python data visualization libraries and APIs to present
      data in a more appealing way.

3]--Is python the right choice for Web based Programming? 
ans---Python is a versatile language that can be used for a wide range of 
      applications, including web development. It is a high-level language that 
      can be used to write complex applications with minimal coding. Python's 
      versatility also makes it ideal for developing machine learning models and
      scientific computing

4]--Why was the language called as Python?
ans--- Van Rossum thought he needed a name that was short, unique, and slightly
       mysterious, so he decided to call the language Python.

6]--What is thelanguage from which Python has got its features or derived its features?
ans---ABC programming language, which was inspired by SETL, capable of exception
      handling and interfacing with the Amoeba operating system.

8]--Does python support switch or case statement in Python?If not what is the
reason for the same?
ans--- Python does not have a switch or case statement. To get around this
       fact, we use dictionary mapping.

9]--How Python is interpreted?
ans---Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of
      a Python program is converted into bytecode that is then executed by
      the Python virtual machine.
 
12]--How memory is managed in Python?
ans---As we know, Python uses the dynamic memory allocation which 
      is managed by the Heap data structure

13]--What is namespace in Python?
ans---Namespaces in Python. A namespace is a collection of currently defined
     symbolic names along with information about the object that each name 
     reference

14]--What is the purpose continue statement in python?
ans---The continue statement in Python is used to skip the remaining code
      inside a loop for the current iteration only.

19]--What are the tools that help to find bugs or perform static analysis?
ans---Pychecker and Pylint are the static analysis tools that help to find 
      bugs in python. Pychecker is an opensource tool for static analysis that
      detects the bugs from source code and warns about the style and complexity
      of the bug.-

20]--What are Python decorators?
ans---A decorator is a design pattern in Python that allows a user to add 
      new functionality to an existing object without modifying its structure.
      Decorators are usually called before the definition of a function you want
      to decorate.

21]--What is PEP 8?
ans---Python provides a coding style known as PEP 8. PEP refers to Python 
      Enhancement Proposals and is one of the most readable and eye-pleasing
      coding styles. Since it is used by many projects all across the world, 
      +programmers should familiarize themselves with it.

